# Burrito Shop
This project aims to implement a Burrito Shop E-commerce portal. A user can buy a particular Burrito product and can place an order. The Burrito includes the size, meat options, and price. Also can login through admin. However, when going in Mongodb's cluster, one will have to put IsAdmin: true. Only then, "Add new item" will appear. 




Languages used for implementation:
- Frontend: React, Redux
- Backend: Node, Express
- Database: MongoDB Atlas Cluster

For Authorization, JWT tokens were used.

By default all users are Non-admin.
Admin user can be set in database.



* Soft delete here means not showing the product in the listing
* Hard delete here means deleting the product from the database

Database Design:
I have used 3 collections in MongoDB. The database is hosted on MongoDB cluster so that it can be accessed anywhere.
1. Items: This collection has all the items listed on the Burrito shop.
It has the following document structure:

### Item Collection
                    
Schema key  | Schema description
------------- | -------------
id  | ID of the item auto created by MongoDB
name | Name of the item
description  | Description of the item
category | Category of the item
price  | Price of the item in integers 
units  | Units of the item in integers
softDelete  | If this is true, then the product is not shown to the non-admin user
img  | This property takes in the URL of the product
date  | This property store the time when the product was added in the document

2. Users: This collection stores all the user who are registered and who can place a order.

### Users Collection
          
Schema key  | Schema description
------------- | -------------
id  | ID of the user auto generated by User
name | Name of the user
isAdmin  | If this property is true, the user can access other features of the shop like, Add / Delete / Update Product
email | This stores the email used for signing in.
password  | Password is stored in the encrypted format.
register_date | This date is the date when the user was created.

3. Orders : This collection stores the order information of the user
### Orders Collection

Schema key  | Schema description
------------- | -------------
id  | ID generated by MongoDB
order | This is an array of objects which have the items and their quantities and the prices
user  | This is a object which stores the userId, email and isAdmin details.

## Project Structure:
- frontend/ - React/Redux code
- server.js - NodeJS, Express

## Project Setup
> React : Port 3000

> Express : Port 5000

> Run `npm install` in main directory and frontend/ directory.

Run project by (Concurrent Execution of React and Node) : `npm run dev`

See the project at `http://localhost:3000`


